docs: details about batching user operations (#237)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/guides/batching-transactions.md

# How to Submit Batch Transactions

> One benefit of Smart Contract Accounts is that it's possible to batch transactions in one User Operation. Not all Smart Contract Accounts support batching. But, if the `SmartContractAccount` you're using does by implementing the [`encodeBatchExecute`](/packages/aa-core/accounts/optional/encodeBatchExecute.md) method, then implementations of `SmartAccountProvider` will allow you to make those calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One benefit of Smart Contract Accounts is that it's possible to batch transactions in one User Operation. Not all Smart Contract Accounts support batching. But, if the `ISmartContractAccount` implementation you're using has the [`encodeBatchExecute`](/packages/aa-core/accounts/optional/encodeBatchExecute.md) method, then implementations of `SmartAccountProvider` will allow you to make those calls.
```

There are two ways you can batch transactions using `SmartAccountProvider`:

1. via `sendUserOperation`
2. via `sendTransactions`

:::tip Note 1: `SimpleSmartContractAccount` and `LightSmartContractAccount`

> Both `SimpleSmartContractAccount` and `LightSmartContractAccount` implements `encodeBatchExecute`, thus supports batching `UserOperations` out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `SimpleSmartContractAccount` and `LightSmartContractAccount` implement `encodeBatchExecute`, thus supports batching `UserOperations` out of the box.
```

:::

:::tip Note 2: Transactions Batched as a Single User Operation
When you batch transactions, the transaction actions (`target`s and `calldata`s) are batched into a single `UserOperation`, where the sender is the account itself.
:::

:::tip Note 3: Batched Transactions Ordering

> The batched `UserOperation` gets executed by the account calling `executeBatch` method on [`SimpleAccount`](https://github.com/eth-infinitism/account-abstraction/blob/ver0.6.0/contracts/samples/SimpleAccount.sol) or [`LightAccount`](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/light-account/blob/v1.0.2/src/LightAccount.sol) smart contracts. `executeBatch` processes the input array of transactions data linearly, guaranting the execution order of those transactions to be **sequential**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The batched `UserOperation` gets executed by the account calling the `executeBatch` method on the [`SimpleAccount`](https://github.com/eth-infinitism/account-abstraction/blob/ver0.6.0/contracts/samples/SimpleAccount.sol) or [`LightAccount`](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/light-account/blob/v1.0.2/src/LightAccount.sol) smart contracts. `executeBatch` processes the input array of transactions data linearly, guaranteeing the execution order of those transactions to be **sequential**.
```
